radiusdtls-bis-09 - Mostly DTLS specific updates (#61)
radext-wg/draft-ietf-radext-radiusdtls-bis: draft-ietf-radext-radiusdtls-bis.md

## (D)TLS requirements

> RADIUS/(D)TLS clients MUST establish a (D)TLS session immediately upon connecting to a new server. All data received over a TCP or TLS port is opaque for the RADIUS client or server application and must be passed to the TLS or DTLS implementation for processing. Closing TLS connections and discarding UDP datagrams are done as indicated by the (D)TLS implmentation.

Reviewer: "TCP or TLS port" ?? Maybe "TCP or UDP port" ?

## (D)TLS requirements

RADIUS/(D)TLS clients MUST establish a (D)TLS session immediately upon connecting to a new server.
All data received over a TCP or TLS port is opaque for the RADIUS client or server application and must be passed to the TLS or DTLS implementation for processing.

> Closing TLS connections and discarding UDP datagrams are done as indicated by the (D)TLS implmentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All data received over a TCP or UDP port is opaque for the RADIUS client or server application and must be handled by the TLS or DTLS implementation.
Closing TLS connections and discarding invalid UDP datagrams are done by the (D)TLS implmentation.
```
